This visualization takes immigration data from University of Michigan studies to display which countries immigrants from certain states are from. The values used from these datasets for our visualization were “Country of Last Permanent Residence” and “State of Intended Residence”. In the visualization there are breakdowns by regions on the left, which when clicked brings up a list of states in the region which can be selected to view its breakdown. The image consists of 100 circles that represent the top 100 countries that immigrants are from for a given state. The color of the circle is determined by the continent, the size of the circle (and the text on the circle, if applicable) is determined by the number of immigrants from that country, and the location is determined by the geographic location relative to the other countries present. The larger circles have the country code and number of immigrants stated on the circle itself to allow for the user to compare any two larger circles that may have a similar size. Also, if a user hovers on any circle, the country’s full name and number of immigrants shows up. Due to this feature and the color coding of the circles by continent, the small circles can be clarified, but the focus is on the larger trend of which countries (or perhaps continents) dominates in a given state. The countries that contribute less are smaller or if ranked greater than 100, omitted. Ideally this work would be continued further. First of all, a total view of which countries immigrants come from to the United States as a whole should be the first view, before a user selects any state. Next, the difficulty of requiring a separate parse file for each dataset, has limited the number of year we have used, so creating more parse files and including more data would enhance this visualization. Also, it may be interesting to incorporate a way to see the states ranked against each other for the number of immigrants, without disrupting the users ability to find a state they want to view.